El Quijote is a Spanish restaurant in the Hotel Chelsea in the New York City borough of Manhattan. The eatery has been in the same location (226 West 23rd Street) for some 88 years and, after being sold by the original owning family (under the final aegis of Manny Ramirez) to Chelsea Hotels, it was closed for renovations. It is slated to reopen in six to nine months with a stated intention by the new proprietors to keep the authentic Spanish feel of the place.
iugvouvoucotco

El Quijote is known for its kitsch decor, including wall murals and statues depicting scenes, and the title character from the Miguel Cervantes masterpiece Don Quixote, as well as its heaping portions of classic Spanish fare such as chorizo, paiella, garlic shrimp, Sangria and surf and turf as well as its own creations such as lobster in green sauce.

Andy Warhol was known to hold forth at a table there, and was often joined by the author William S. Burroughs. Janis Joplin was said to have caused a scene on the premises more than once.
Andy Warhol was known to hold forth at a table there, and was often joined by the author William S. Burroughs. Janis Joplin was said to have caused a scene on the premises more than once.Andy Warhol was known to hold forth at a table there, and was often joined by the author William S. Burroughs. Janis Joplin was said to have caused a scene on the premises more than once.Andy Warhol was known to hold forth at a table there, and was often joined by the author William S. Burroughs. Janis Joplin was said to have caused a scene on the premises more than once.Andy Warhol was known to hold forth at a table there, and was often joined by the author William S. Burroughs. Janis Joplin was said to have caused a scene on the premises more than once.Andy Warhol was known to hold forth at a table there, and was often joined by the author William S. Burroughs. Janis Joplin was said to have caused a scene on the premises more than once.Andy Warhol was known to hold forth at a table there, and was often joined by the author William S. Burroughs. Janis Joplin was said to have caused a scene on the premises more than once.
